Miss Su
Why are you different from this photo?
Is that right?
That's how I usually dress for work, okay?
When do you think we will register for marriage?
I hope the sooner the better.
You see, it's registered.
You can help me take care of my son in the future
And I don't have to work nights to make money.
What are you
You have a son?
Yeah, my mom didn't tell you she's still young
Son son mom mom come quickly
It's sad that this child has such a mother.
Hello, call dad and grandpa, what's the matter with you?
Didn't I tell you to call me dad?
Mr. Zhao, do you mind?
After all
That old son is also a new thing in life
And I heard that your Zhao family has no heir
It happens to be in the county seat.
Nonsense, I'm here for a blind date, not to find relatives
Hey, give it back to you
Hey, don't go
I really can't. When the child takes your last name
Hahahaha
What's your trouble?
Mom, this is the 66th blind date you've screwed up
I'm afraid you'll be bullied again when you go back.
Oh, don't worry.
I promise, this is the last time
Later?
I will never be pushed around by them again, okay?
Well, Mom, I just saw a handsome uncle.
Can you let him be my dad?
Didn't Mama Silent tell you?
You only have one father.
Although my father is gone
But mom will continue to love you for dad, okay?
OK
good boy
suddenly
A blind date arranged for you by you useless thing
You screwed him up again.
Are you trying to piss me off?